I am Matthew Calbraith Perry, born on “1794” in
South Kingston, the united states of America,
I am a naval officer who headed an expedition
that forced Japan in “1853” to enter into
trade and diplomatic relations with the West
after more than two centuries of isolation.
Through my efforts the United States
became an equal power with Britain,
France, and Russia in the economic
exploitation of East Asia.
I had served as commanding officer during
the “1830’s” of the first U.S. steamship,
the “Fulton”; led a naval squadron to Africa
to help suppress the slave trade “1843”;
and successfully commanded naval forces
during the Mexican War “1846”. In “1852”
I was in charge of a naval expedition to induce
the Japanese government to establish diplomatic
relations with the United States. With two
frigates and two sailing vessels, I entered
the fortified harbor of Uraga on “1853”—an
act widely publicized throughout the world.
The Japanese defenses were inadequate to resist my
ships, and after a few days of diplomatic sparring
they accepted my letter from the President
of the United States requesting a treaty.
In the interim, the Japanese, who
were aware of China’s recent defeat
by the technologically superior Western
powers in the Opium War in the “1839”,
decided to agree to my terms as a way of stalling
for time while they improved their defenses.
In “1854”, I reappeared in Edo Bay, current
day Tokyo, this time with nine ships—and
concluded the Treaty of Kanagawa, the
first treaty between the two countries.
The pact assured better treatment of shipwrecked
seamen, permitted U.S. ships to obtain fuel and
supplies at two minor ports, arranged for a U.S.
consul to reside at Shimoda, and opened the way
for further U.S. trading privileges. These events
contributed to the collapse of the shogunate and
ultimately to the modernization of Japan.
In “1855” I return to the united states and
received appreciation for my efforts in the east
and started publishing my reports about my journey
under the title “Narrative of the Expedition
of an American Squadron to the China Seas and
Japan “. I spent my last year’s preparing for my
publication, announcing its completion on “1857”
and died one year later, of rheumatic fever. I
cruised the world trying to break walls between
nations and I hope the world has become
more open and understanding for each other.